                            Guessing Number Game

1. Introduction
    This game is probably no stranger to anyone. The simple rule is I will pick 
a number and you try to guess it. For more details, you could read the gameplay
(guessing_number_gp.txt). Since its logic is clear, I decided to program it as 
the first game in my project. This project is used to practice and review what I
have learned from some fundamental online courses.

2. Program Description:
* Programming paradigm: Procedural programming
* Modules: os, secrets
* Program Flow Control:
Main flow:
    Greeting and show game_play to player:
    Invite player to join the game:
    If player agree:
        Start new game:
            1. Computer chose random number.
            2. Let player guess. (Maximum 3 times)
                if guess correct 
                        -> print congratulation message. 
                        -> game finished
                if guess not correct 
                    -> print hint messages.
            3. if all guess not correct -> print computer win message.
                                        -> game finished
    If player disagree:
        show Goodbye message.

- Functional requirements:
a) Show gameplay features:
+ Description: load gameplay from a text file and print it to the console.
+ Note: Ensuring that the game does not crash in case some problems occur while 
loading the gameplay file.

b) Invitation features:
+ Description: Show a message invite players to join the game and confirm their 
answers.
+ Note: Only inputs y or n are accepted. If they mistype, let them do it again. 

c) Computer chose secret number features:
+ Description: Computer choices a number from 1 to 10.
+ Note: strong random number is required.

d) Guessing and Evalute features:
+ Description: Let the player attempt to guess and check it's correct.
+ Note: Players are only allowed to enter numbers. If the player mistypes, let 
them re-enter. Also, if they guess correctly on the first try, there is no need 
to try the second and third times, and the round is over. Corresponding to the 
case where their prediction is correct on the second attempt.